Administration Panel Tutorial for VME Panel Version 1.1

The address for the members list is: ?id=memberlist

General

 - Newsletter

   This option lets you sen an e-mail to all of the people on your mailing list.  simply put in the title of the
   message, then the actual message, hit submit and its in everyone's e-mail inbox.


 - Edit Header Text

   This is where to edit the text that members and guests will see right underneath your logo.  Guests and members
   will see two different things.

     > Header for Members
       This text is in a scrolling marquee format, this could be some kind of message for your members.  Type in
       the message and click update header for the new message to take effect.

     > Header for Guests
       This is what the guests will see, this does not scroll.  I would suggest putting an advertisement here and
       saying underneath it that the ad will disappear when they sign up.  Again just put in the message/script and
       click update header.



Index Admin

 - News
   
   This is where you put the text that people will see on the index page.  This is usually used for news so Its called news.
   You type in the name of the article, then the date (ex. 20050126) in format of yyyymmdd.  Then you put in your message and
   click submit, this message is the latest news so it will be added to the top of the list.


 - Navigation Links
   This is where you edit the links that people will see in the navigation menu to move around your site.
   The address for each category that you add is provided when you add it and also if you go to edit a category.
   To add that link to the navigation menu copy it, then past it into the box that says URL, the title can be anything
   you want but should be the name of the category it goes too.
   By clicking the check box beside one of the links will delete that link when you click edit links.
   In case you delete it, the address for the members list is: ?id=memberlist


 - Edit Blocks
   These are the segments that are shown on the left and right side of the screen when you go to the index page.  This lets
   you Delete, Rename, Re-order, Change the side, Active/Deactivate, or add a new block.  To edit the code of each block you
   must go into the blocks folder and edit the block with the same name as the name of the block in the list.  If you want to
   make a new block you must name the php file the same as the name of the block you picked in the control panel, spaces should
   not be used.



Content Admin

 - Add Content
   Here you will get a list of all of each category you have, pick the category you want to add content to and click on it,
   Now you will be able to put in the title and text of the content, do that and click submit.


 - Delete Content
   Like when adding content you will get a list of all the categorys, find the category you want to delete content from and
   click on it.  Now you will have a list of all the titles of the content, click on the article title that you want to delete
   and it will be removed.  when you click it there is now turing back, its gone.  To delete a picture you just click on the
   picture you want to delete.


 - Add Category
   Here you will get a list of 5 different typs of ways to show content.  Pick the type you want (experiment with them) and you
   will be moved to adding the specs for the category.  The first is simply what you want the title of the catagory to be called,
   The second is anything you want (usually close to the same as the title) but it cannot have any spaces, the third (if any) is
   the number articles you want on a page, again experiment with it, the fourth (if any) is for the prefix, a little thing that
   comes before the name of the article (ex. > ).


 - Delete Category
   When you click this you will get a list of all of your categorys.  When you click on a category it will be removed along with
   all the content in it WARNING: be careful when exploring this because when you click a category it is gone including every last
   bit of content in it.


 - Edit Category
   First you will see a list of the name of each category you have and after each will be the URL that you need to use to view it
   in the index file.  When you click on a category you will come up with some options such as title, prefix, and number of pages.



Look & Feel

 - Themes
   Here you will be shown a list of all your current themes with the number of people using the theme, and an option to delete it.
   To delete a theme simply check it by clicking the check box, then click delete.  To edit a theme just click on the name of the
   theme you want to edit.  To make a new theme click the New Theme link underneath the delete themes button.  When adding a theme
   you must fill out all fields.


 - Reset Themes
   When you click this button it will reset everybodys theme to the default theme you set in your config.php file.



VME Reports

 - This box will tell you any important information you will need to know on updates and other stuff about the VME Panel.  It also
   gives a link for you to report any errors you eperiance.



Statistics

 - Administrators
   This gives the number of Administrators, Webmasters, and Site Owners currently in power.

 - Members
   This tells you how many members you have on your site.

 - Themes
   This says how many themes you have in use.

 - Articles
   This tells you how many articles you have on your entire site from each catagory.



Database Tools

 - Insert Raw SQL
   If you are an experiance programmer then you can use this option to insert sql into your VME Panel database.



Users

 - Members
   When you click this you will get a list of all of the members on your site, you can change their username, password, rank, or
   delete the persone from the forums.












   